I Training for Mathematics/Statistics Experts
at Remotasks (View all jobs)
Remote - IN, PH, MX, or AR

Are you interested in teaching next-gen AI models about Mathematics and deepening your domain expertise?

Earnings:

    Hourly rate: US$ 23.00 - 29.00, depending on your level of expertise

About the Opportunity: 

    Cutting-Edge Projects: Work on challenging projects that push the boundaries of AI.
    Flexibility: Set your own hours and work remotely from any of the approved locations! 
    Weekly payouts: Get paid conveniently on a weekly basis.
    Professional growth: Gain valuable experience in AI while honing your writing skills and deepening your domain expertise.
    Collaborative environment: Join a team of talented professionals who share your passion for AI and Mathematics.
    Duration: Variable depending on project length, flexible hours.
    Location: Remote from India, the Philippines, Mexico, or Argentina.

Responsibilities:

    You will train AI models by crafting and answering questions related to your field.
    You will evaluate and rank responses generated by AI systems.
    You will use your domain expertise to assess the factuality and relevance of text produced by AI models

Qualifications:

    Bachelors, Master, PhD or equivalent proficiency in mathematics or related-field.
    Complete fluency in the English language is required.
    Excellent attention to detail and ability to maintain consistency in writing and spot errors or inconsistencies.
    Excellent written and verbal communication skills in English.

Nice to Have:

    Professional writing experience as a researcher, journalist, technical writer, editor, or similar roles.
    Teaching credentials.
    Solid subject matter knowledge in other mathematics subfields.
    Interest in AI and machine learning concepts.

Data Scientists - AI Training (Remote Work)
at Remotasks (View all jobs)
Remote

Are you interested in helping to train AI models to better understand data?

We are seeking experienced data analysts, data scientists, and data engineers to be part of the artificial intelligence (AI) revolution.

If you are an experienced data scientist or data analyst, this may be the perfect opportunity for you. 

Join our team in training AI models to excel at coding generation! We're seeking talented data engineers to work remotely on exciting projects. As part of this opportunity, you'll contribute to training generative artificial intelligence models, helping them become proficient data analysts.

Responsibilities

We have partnered with organizations to train AI large language models, helping cutting-edge generative AI models write better code and data science writing. Projects typically include discrete, highly variable problems that involve engaging with these models as they learn. 

Example projects might include:

    Solving complex data problems, like data generation, data cleaning, data visualization, and machine learning modeling
    Optimizing code to run at maximum efficiency
    Writing robust test cases to confirm code works efficiently and effectively
    Writing human-readable summaries of problems
    Writing explanations of how data science can solve problems and evaluate various solution approaches

No previous experience with AI necessary! You will receive detailed instructions on what is expected of you after you complete the application and verification process. 